runtime.onInstalled use in event pages clarification (#29716)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/menus/create/index.md

{{AddonSidebar()}}

Creates a menu item using an options object defining properties for the item.

Unlike other asynchronous functions, this one does not return a promise, but uses an optional callback to communicate success or failure. This is because its return value is the ID of the new item.

For compatibility with other browsers, Firefox makes this method available in the `contextMenus` namespace and `menus` namespace. However, it's not possible to create tools menu items (`contexts: ["tools_menu"]`) using the `contextMenus` namespace.

> **Creating menus in persistent and non-persistent extensions**
>
> How you create menu items depends on whether your extension is persistent or non-persistent:
>

> > - in extensions using persistent background pages, menus are not persisted. A persistent background page starts once and doesn't terminate until the browser or extension unloads. So, you use a top-level call to create the menu.
> > - in extensions using non-persistent background pages (an event page), menus persist. You call `menus.create` from within a {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.onInstalled")}} listener. This avoids repeated attempts to create the menu item when the pages restart, which would occur with a top-level call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - in extensions using non-persistent background pages (an event page), menus persist across browser and extension restarts. You call `menus.create` (with a menu-specific ID) from within a {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.onInstalled")}} listener. This avoids repeated attempts to create the menu item when the pages restart, which would occur with a top-level call.
> - In Chrome, menu items from persistent background pages are also persisted.
> - In Firefox, menu items from persistent background pages are never persisted. Call `menus.create` unconditionally from the top-level to make sure that the menu items are registered.
```

I swapped the bullet points and emphasized the difference between Chrome and Firefox.
